The customer is the producer
In the customerService the customer publishes the notification thanks to the service and sends it to the queue

The configurtaion and the declaration of the published service is done in the RabbitMqConfig, where the customer
can use the configurations and can communicate with the queue thanks to the amqTemplate

The NotificationConsumer class is the next step which takes the notification published from the Customer and Listens it.
It takes the notification from the queue and then it can perform its action


Customer (producer) -> JSON ->Exchange->Queue->Binding->Notification (consumes the message from the queue)

The queue must be always populated with values in order to execute the send notification



-- packaging and jar of the microservices--
! CLIENTS and AMQP are dependencies for the infrastructure. The other items are Microservices

The amqp and the clients are packages into Jars. The process is done using the clean, compile and the package jar.
For the microservices we have done the modifications in each pom.xml where for each microservice we have removed the
properties and have put the <build> and <packaging jar>

ATTENTION
Before compiling the microservices, you need to install the dependencies.
Make sure you have the plugins in the root.
Install from the root pom and then compile to others.

If you want to run your jar out, just run "package" in the maven instruction

---DOCKER IMAGE section----
Need to modify the root pom.xml (puttig the jib plugin)
Do not modify nothing to amqp and clients
Type the command after you have edited the configuration mvn clean package -P build docker image
Activate your docker profile where you are running the instances. Follow the instructions online.

**If you want all your microservices to build a docker image, you need to make the configuration using the cmd
from the root (microservices): mvn clean package -P build docker image

-After creating the 5 docker images in DockerHub and checking  them, we need to make the modification in the docker compose for
changing the localhost->eureka-server for eureka-server and api-gateway. We make changes also in each application-docker.yml
by activating a SPRING profile which allows us to manage the changes.
After you have done the changes, you are required to build new images (all) for the new appliation-docker.yml: mvn clean -P build-docker-image
